[Xiaomei] Welcome to the Mildian Coliseum!
-What is this?
-A Coliseum?
Who the hell are they?
I would assume they are from this planet.
[crowd cheering]
I know the future, present, past.
I know everything there is to know.
[Xiaomei] Life can become
quite dull and boring
when one is aware
of everything that will ever happen.
[Xiaomei] That's exactly the reason why
I placed a single limit on my knowledge.
Hmm!
And that would be the outcome of a battle!
Oh! Seeing bodies
clash against each other!
Blood and sweat
both flying through the air!
Never knowing who will win or lose!
It's simply beyond delicious!
Well, that took a weird turn.
This is freaky.
Yes! The outcome of battle
is the only thing even I don't know!
[inhales] That makes it so hot,
burning hot, flaming hot!
Now it's time to battle!
One of you must fight!
Tell me, please,
who's the first challenger?
Oh, wait. I already know that part.
-[Shiki] Hey, uh, hold on.
-Huh?
I don't understand single thing you said.
What?! Were you listening at all?!
[Xiaomei] One of you adventurers
will battle one of my warriors!
Right here and right now!
Do you get it yet?
And if you win, I'll give you
the information you seek!
Oh, okay!
In that case, I volunteer.
No, I will.
-Shiki…
-Don't you worry,
I was feeling restless anyway.
You can leave the fight to me!
Don't you lose now!
Good luck out there, Shiki!
We believe in you!
Hold up!
If you don't know the outcome
of the upcoming battle,
doesn't that mean you don't know
the future beyond it either?
The future branches off in different ways.
And I can see the timeline
for both of the outcomes.
There is nothing ever set in stone.
There's a phrase I love.
"The future can be changed"
is how it goes.
Be sure to keep it in mind!
I guess the outcome of a battle
really is the only thing
the Time Oracle doesn't know.
Exploitation detected.
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
WORDS WILL GIVE YOU STRENGTH
Shiki, this is my fight.
[Shiki] Nope! Actually, this fight
is to help me find my friend!
Find your friend?
That's right. You heard me.
Witch, Sister, and Hermit,
their friends are my friends.
[gasps]
[Xiaomei] I see, then.
Shiki will be the one to fight.
I guess I knew that much already.
[Xiaomei]
Now, I present to you, our new challenger!
-Shiki!
-[crowd cheering]
[Xiaomei] He will face…
[thud]
[intense music playing]
[blast]
[Xiaomei] …the greatest warrior
from the planet Zorg.
With flesh made of steel, Metal Bogey!
[crowd cheering]
So, I just need to beat this guy?
The hell is that thing?
His skin looks so tough.
Will Shiki's gravity work on him?
-Serious combat power detected!
-[concerned] Shiki!
[Metal Bogey]
Let us have a good fight, young lad.
Ready… fight!
You dare to… [grunts]
[gasps]
-[all gasping]
-[Rebecca] Yeah!
[both cheering]
[crowd murmuring]
[wheezing]
What the…?
What is this… heavy punch?
-[body thuds]
-Magimech… Gravity Fist!
[bell ringing]
Winner… Shiki!
[Xiaomei] What in the world?
I had a sneaking suspicion
Shiki might win,
but not with a single blow!
That's so delicious, so yummy!
Okay, it's official.
Shiki, you made it through Round One.
[Weisz] Wait! "Round One?"
[Rebecca] Of how many?
You didn't know?
How forgetful of me.
[Xiaomei] He's an interesting boy.
Precisely as one would expect of Mother's.
Are you Picorattas not entertained
-with this young man's yumminess?
-[crowd cheering]
What's this yummy business about?
This lady's making me drool
out of pure reflex.
This is weird.
[Shiki] So, who do I get to face next?
Ah… Let's see.
[Pino] Hold on a second!
Could you maybe tell us
what the rules are first?
Yeah, like how many rounds
there are going to be?
-[Xiaomei] Four rounds.
-[both gasp]
[Xiaomei] One down, three to go,
and each new opponent
will be even yummier--
[clears throat]
Stronger than before.
Ha! Definitely no match for Shiki…
I think.
[chuckles] I pick out
who fights in the matches,
because it'll be
far more entertaining that way!
Huh?
Do you mean…
the rest of us have to fight, too?
No, duh!
You're friends, aren't you?
Put your bodies on the line.
Well, can we use our weapons?
Sure thing!
But keep in mind
you can't kill your opponent.
And these battles are one-on-one.
Even if your friend's about to lose,
if you help them, you're disqualified.
As a reward,
if you beat the remaining three opponents,
I'll give you the information
you want on Valkyrie.
Do you actually mean that?
Absolutely, I never break promises.
Now, it's time for Round Two. Let's start!
From Team Edens Zero,
the rising B-Cuber star, Rebecca!
Who, me?
Hold up.
I can't fight without Happy, we're a pair.
Hmm. I will allow it.
[Rebecca] Happy!
[Happy] Roger!
[thrilling music playing]
Okay, we're ready!
All right! It's my first time
seeing Rebecca fight.
She's good with pistols.
The best shooter I know!
[Xiaomei] Rebecca and Happy will be facing
the S.B.A. Cosmic Fleaweight champion…
Flanker Yocchi!
Bon Bobon!
Da-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
[grunts]
Champion, huh?
I'm not convinced. He looks pretty weak.
[gasps] Bon Bobon TV's Yocchi?
Uh, do you know him?
Yeah! He's a super famous B-Cuber!
What is he doing here?!
This is merely a part-time gig
to make some extra spending money,
but hey, I know about you, too.
You're on the rise, like Bon Bobon!
[Yocchi] What a coincidence!
That gives me an idea.
We should collab on this B-Cuber battle!
-Really? That'd be so cool!
-[chuckles]
Ready?!
You know it.
[Xiaomei] Fight!
-Bon Bobooon!
-[rapid gunfire]
Flanker Yocchi is shooting bullets
out of both of his gloves?!
That's fighting dirty!
You missed me!
Your accuracy is a little off!
Watch, this is how you aim!
Activate Protection Matrix!
[gasps]
His force field can block Ether!
Oh no!
Then Rebecca won't be able to hit him.
This isn't fair!
[growls]
Remember when I said, "Let's collab?"
[gasps]
Well, my bullets are Tatter Slime bullets!
Makes clothes melt off
like bon bobon chocolate!
[screams]
-[Rebecca] Are you kidding me?
-[squelching]
[both] Are you kidding me?
Look here!
A hot girl in tattered clothes.
This will certainly get plenty of views.
[giggles]
[groans] You perv!
You're no different
from that frog from Guilst! [growls]
What you gonna do?
Ether bullets won't work on me!
Then how about…
a normal kick?!
[groans]
I'm not done with you!
-Round over!
-[Yochhi gasps]
[whimpers]
[grunts]
[Yocchi whimpering]
Let's do…
another…
collab… [groans]
-[bell ringing]
-[Xiaomei] And the winner is… Rebecca!
-What?
-Go Rebecca!
-Victory!
-[Happy giggles]
I didn't even need to do anything.
[Xiaomei] How interesting.
I had imagined
I would get to see Rebecca's Ether Gear,
but I guess that's
a little further down the line.
-[Xiaomei] Hey, Weisz, you're up next.
-I am?
The Round Three challenger
is none other than Weisz Steiner,
the Future Professor!
What a pain in the ass.
[Xiaomei]
Facing off against our challenger
is the Comet of the Sakura Cosmos!
The fleet-footed Highway Ena!
Woo-hoo!
That's just great. Another wall-runner.
Wow, he's like Shiki.
[laughing]
Nobody… No one… can catch me!
Godspeed! Godspeed!
Godspeed!
[Shiki] Speed-puppy!
Wait. Is that really a dog?
He's fast!
Ready…
-[Weisz] Wait a sec.
-Huh?
Huh?
[Weisz]
I can use a weapon, as well, right?
But, I do not have a weaponry function.
I know. We won't need that.
Hang on, Weisz!
You're not going to modify me, are you?
I will allow it.
It's no use!
No weapon in existence can hit me!
[Xiaomei] Now… fight!
Please, Weisz, stop!
Don't modify my design!
-I am--
-[Weisz] EMP.
Huh?
That's what your weapon's called, right?
Oh.
[Highway Ena cackles]
Oh… I get it now.
[Pino] EMP activate!
[laughing]
What?!
-[screaming]
-[thud]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[yelling]
How-- How dirty you fight, Weisz Steiner!
-[Weisz] I told ya.
-[Highway Ena groans]
I said I wanted to use my weapon.
-[thud]
-[Highway Ena groans]
Ro-- Round over!
That makes three!
Way to go!
[Weisz] These guys were nothing.
Easy wins.
I am glad I got to be of use.
At this rate, the fourth-round battle
is gonna be a cakewalk.
[gasps] So delicious!
So yummier than I had ever expected!
But playtime is over now!
This next battle is the one
I really wanted to see play out.
[Xiaomei] Time for the final round!
Our challenger, the swordswoman
with the Ether blade, Homura!
It's my turn now!
-Yeah! Homura!
-Homura!
We believe in you!
This should be a piece of cake.
[Homura] This trial will bring me
a step closer to my teacher.
I cannot lose.
-[doors creaking]
-[Xiaomei] And you will be facing…
[giggles]
[tense music playing]
[sword vibrating]
[gasps]
[Homura] Teach—
Teacher?!
[tense music continues]
[gasping]
I already knew you'd be
joining us today, Homura,
so I had her called in just for you.
Fourth Shining Star of the Demon King,
Valkyrie replica!
A Valkyrie replica?
I don't get it. What's a replica?
Wait, really? It's like a copy.
Meaning that is not her real teacher.
That one's a fake!
[grunts]
[Valkyrie] Long time no see, Homura.
Or at least that's what
I would like to be saying,
but unfortunately,
this is my first time meeting you.
Nonetheless, of course,
I do possess the original's data.
I know all about you.
You were once
the original Valkyrie's apprentice.
I know all your likes and dislikes,
as well as all of your capabilities.
[upset grunting]
Your mere existence is unforgivable!
Homura.
[Homura] There's only one Valkyrie Yuna
in the whole Sakura Cosmos!
A copy insults her honor!
Fight!
I've got data on all of your moves.
Shut your mouth!
[clang]
[grunts]
[clanging]
And I know your weaknesses too.
-[grunts]
-[clang]
[intense music playing]
[grunts]
[grunts, gasps]
-[slashing]
-No, not the ears!
[grunts]
[clack]
You're not my teacher!
You're just a duplicate!
Didn't you come
to the Planet of Time to meet me?
[Homura]
I'm here to meet my real teacher!
[yells]
-Don't pivot.
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
Have you really made
so little progress on your form, Homura?
Whoa.
This is bad.
Can she win this?
Course she can!
[gasps softly]
[grunts]
You dropped your guard, fake teacher!
[Valkyrie] Hmm.
Try again!
[dramatic music rising]
[grunts]
-[slashing]
-[rumbling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Homura] This replica not only looks
like Teacher, she has her moves as well.
Could she be as strong as the original?
[Valkyrie] You're sharing
what you're thinking out loud again.
[gasps]
[Valkyrie] You haven't changed, Homura.
[Homura] It's almost
as if I'm facing the real Teacher.
This pressure, her voice, her appearance.
Nevertheless, this impostor
is not truly my teacher.
[bandit 1] Oh, we've got
another live one here.
[bandit 2] We found a little human girl.
[bandit 3] Oh, nice.
Let's sell her to Guilst.
[bandits laughing]
[laughing]
-[slashing]
-[all] Huh?
-[thud]
-Oh…
[gasps]
Little girl.
Are you injured?
[Valkyrie sighs]
[young Homura gasps]
[Valkyrie]
What an awful place this planet is.
Even a small child such as yourself
got caught up in the conflict.
Little girl,
I will take you back to your parents.
Hmm-mm.
[Valkyrie] Hmm? You don't need my help?
[whimpering]
Well, what is it then?
You're… an orphan?
[sighs]
Mm-hmm.
I see.
What's your name, kid?
Do you not know how to talk?
Hmm-mm.
Oh, good grief. [grunts softly]
I took care of a lot of them,
but it's still dangerous around here.
Leave as soon as you can.
[whimpering]
[young Homura crying]
I…
My name's…
Homura.
[sighs softly]
Well, my name is Valkyrie.
Um… Uh… I…
[Valkyrie] Be clear if there's
something you want to say.
Because words will give you strength.
[uplifting music playing]
[panting]
[Homura] My real teacher is stronger!
My real teacher is cooler and kinder!
I'll find Teacher!
I'll find her no matter what!
I'll do whatever it takes to get to her!
There's something I need to tell her!
-[clang]
-[grunts]
It was a good rush,
and yet you still can't beat me.
How many times do I need to remind you?
Your footwork!
-[thud]
-Homura!
Did my pivot appear vulnerable to you?
No! It can't be!
[intense music playing]
Warrior Maid Single-Sword Attack!
-[gasping]
-[clang]
WARRIOR MAID SINGLE-SWORD ATTACK
Dragon Flash!
DRAGON FLASH
[intense music climaxing]
[loud thud]
[calmly] Well done.
The real, genuine Teacher
never would've been hit by that maneuver.
-[bell ringing]
-Round Four over!
-Oh, yeah!
-We won!
That was so awesome!
Yummy! It's so very yummy. [drooling]
[Valkyrie] You've gotten stronger, Homura.
You don't fool anybody here,
you're not the real Teacher.
You don't have any right
to be saying those things to me.
[flames crackling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[crackling stops]
[Xiaomei] This is TB7000.
It's actually a training droid.
I lied about it
being a replica of Valkyrie.
You know,
those Demon King Shining Stars,
they cannot be duplicated.
Based on exclusively on my knowledge,
I'd installed Valkyrie's personality,
as well as her strength,
onto the TB7000.
So, as I'm aware
you've already guessed, Homura,
it's not quite as powerful
as the real one.
Are you also aware
that joke was tasteless?
Wait, does that mean
the real Valkyrie is even stronger?
Whoa!
Now, keep your promise
and tell us where the real Teacher is.
But of course, a promise is a promise.
And thank you for a very yummy meal.
Huh? [yelps]
-[Weisz] No! Not again!
-[Rebecca] Do you have to do this?!
[all screaming and gargling]
[grunts]
What the--
This place again.
Hey, look, my outfit is back to normal.
[Weisz scoffs]
[ethereal music playing]
[Xiaomei] Sincerest thanks
for the entertainment back there.
I shall now bestow some of
my prescient knowledge upon you all.
She's all over the place.
Or maybe she's back to normal now.
Who even cares at this point?
[Xiaomei] I can see
your teacher Valkyrie's location.
[all gasp]
Hmm!
Presently, she's on a world
of light and darkness.
A planet very distant from here.
Sun Jewel, the Jewel Planet.
Your band of adventurers will find
who you are looking for there.
Sun Jewel, the Jewel Planet?
Wow, that's a shiny-sounding moniker.
So that's where Teacher is.
We've got a destination!
-Let's go!
-[all] Yeah!
Please wait, don't leave just yet.
Right, of course. I forgot to say thanks!
Thank you very much!
[girls chuckle]
[Xiaomei] No, on the contrary.
I should be thanking you
for this entertaining respite.
As a token of my gratitude,
I shall tell you of one more thing
you ought to know.
-No, we're good.
-Hold on a sec!
Can we ask you about like,
winning-lottery-numbers?
[Xiaomei] No, this is about
the other one you seek, Mother.
Oh!
[Xiaomei] Mother, the space goddess,
does indeed exist
somewhere within this vast universe.
[gasps]
My Time Oracle power of omniscience.
This ability was bestowed
upon me by Mother.
-Oh, for real?
-Hold up.
Are you saying you know
where we can find Mother, too?
No. Unfortunately,
in exchange for my power,
I lost all knowledge of any information
on Mother's whereabouts,
as well as the privilege
to know or learn about it.
Does this mean you've met
Mother herself before, Xiaomei?
[Xiaomei] I suppose so. Yes, I have.
Was your soul reborn
after you'd encountered Mother?
[Xiaomei] Was my soul reborn? [chuckles]
I guess it's fair enough for one
to claim such a thing in this case.
Mother, as the name suggests,
is the mother of the Universe,
and a mighty sorceress.
Rumor has it there is no wish
that Mother is unable to grant.
Wow! My wish is to become a human!
-I want to become rich!
-I wanna be a famous B-Cuber!
I want a lot of fish!
Mother's amazing!
[grunts softly]
As a result of her reputation,
there are many who seek out Mother.
In the future,
you'll experience many battles
with others who also search for Mother.
Will you do me this little favor?
Please, ensure that Mother
doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
[Shiki chuckles]
We won't lose to anyone.
Not before we get to Mother!
[chuckles]
[blast]
[Xiaomei] And so now, Shiki and the rest
of the adventurers on Edens Zero,
head to Planet Sun Jewel
in search of Valkyrie.
Yet, what awaits the travelers
on that world is…
[chuckles]
I'll be returning
to my storyteller role now.
I hope you have a good day, everyone!
["" by Sayuri playing]
FROM THE PLANET OF ETERNITY